"Mousou Sketch (Delusion Sketch)"
Music and Lyrics by 40mP
If it's too much to handle, it's better to not have enough
I tease you with a devoted love
Even if it's not cursed, it's safer not to touch it
I beg you, praying with all my soul
Lying tears of rain
Spill from the sky, and fall upon cold cheeks
In the withered sea of my heart, a single flower came into bloom
If deception isn't particularly difficult
Believing can't be either, can it?
It's best not to even think of looking back
So just for now, please do deceive me
If you've gotten filthy, it's better not to know
I want to dream, of a delusional love
If someone leaves you, it's safer not to chase them
Don't make excuses, and don't be so sentimental
The scenic town comes alive
With people clamoring, and I run away feigning deafness
As long as no one tells me
"You're the odd one out"
If being correct isn't particularly difficult
Erring can't be either, can it?
Before we trade answers, tell me this:
Is that answer of yours right?
Since I'm muttering only petty lies
There's no reason to hate me, is there?
I'm fine with a love back-to-back,
So promptly, please do warm me up